Hello and welcome to one
little update video of me the
facebook user the my facebook page
they already know something
longer and also the youtube community
should of course know now and
Although I 've talked about it for a long time
and dreamed of it quite a few
but I never attacked anything
become out of it
but now I can present you
My bus finally saw a cab
taste this fabled box
which did not even speak of that
whole looks like this is now quasi
round obstructed by plus the lid
on the top with a small door
yes of course I also resume because
my cousin is with me
kindly energetic again
relying, among the poor has indeed alone
so which of course does not necessarily
practically solvable
That's why we have again on
Saturday morning until afternoon here
composite
if you screwed the box together
I'll give you one now
show a little bit is only a little
a little short cooks shortly
video I have now, however
could finally get out yes and so completely
Finished is that you can not see it
is in principle at the moment still the rough construction
I'll need a bit of time that
make it nice someday
So that's mother's face there
come tread away
then the shares are already paying
something is also grown for this must
i probably still the right side
a bit rebuild so the old
but that's too high, yes, and yes
I'll just show you the whole thing now
times sees the good piece of
as always with the mobile phone that camera
turn on the light
that is also such a point , for example
you can see up here she's gone in it
there come in a spotlight
so that one because what looks because by the
see poor lighting in the basement
Of course I would have been so good in the box
like nothing else
then I have such a small door here
actually succeeded quite well
I think the week also a kind
stay there as we could see you
just like that
Magnetic neighbor the costs completely
simply to buy a hardware store
do not open the door then it sees
whole namely that at the moment
a green carpet in it
Of course that will happen at some point
Everything is beautiful with black carpet
made at the driver's workplace itself
so far I have to say so far
Not much has been done on the side
dashboard is still missing but both
the ceiling lighting from the box
both as well as the lateral
dashboard will
I think tomorrow will come
I will not do it again
make a video about it because I
limit myself to the videos on the
the time it took to report are
is all now out from behind
here also with the door
We can close that time he is
only what loud I have to look
maybe something between here
then comes the side dashboard
in why do you see that nice too ?
a very small driver capsule super
thing is a lot of fun
to sit around and yes a thing would like
I even before we go to the
come just because get rid of it
if I have comments below the
videos reach because of
nothing comes for so long and why does it come ?
nothing and I have no more bock
on it very clear thing
then the track went out again
because you can not forget me
Do the whole thing here as a hobby me
I have no obligations
area opposite
of course I feel already
bit committed you from time to time
to show the video because at least be
yes my fans and I want
obviously reluctant but disappointing
nevertheless mainly it stays
hobby I'm happy as I said
if there is something new to make videos
where I do not put myself under pressure
put
and who does not like that can me
like to go back and subscribe or how to
that calls always but has
then sunbathe just because I say
Do not bend and break here now
Subscribers I'm happy about each one of them
I subscribed to the awards'm fine
only if there are two three four weeks
sometimes no video comes because it's easy
I can not continue, of course I am still
I also have family then
Please excuse me
or actually I have to
Do not apologize for that
Of course I'm not a student anymore
I do not know when in the afternoon
are the home and 2 o'clock at home
then maybe half an hour
do tasks and then with her
leisure time nothing to do know
i work full time i have that
good luck that I am quite flexible
But I still have to work
come in for such a project and coal
I often go to work too
something else
when I have time and bluest again
From then on, I continue working and then there
it also a video
Just like the let's play when I have time
and I'll give you a place if I have
always have everything ready with the box
then the webcam also determines the top
then it will be installed too
which I less to handle from
with build-up dismantling everything was fixed
of course, too
Regular let's play offs come
that of course only in the moment I
I'm just a building phase
and if that was one week at 234
well and then it should not work
you already understand who
that does not fit the likes somehow
Subscribe differently
but I prefer quality
on quantity
yes and that's why I would say so
I am happy if you still believe me
stay and then preferably two three weeks
waiting for a decent video as there
this week two videos out
then somehow the last trash is
In this sense, I wish you
nice weekend and then we see
us at the next video
I do not know yet if his last play
or if it is so the case already
that's diploma
for a new video
but no matter how will we see each other
in any case again soon to
then, many greetings and goodbye